thanks to data 'world with proposals by words
certainly sincerely flooding awesome not because I really
I am what I hope is that ortiz
percent sees it the opportunity to be
in a club as big as this percent not just once but not once
second time
In recent days many people have asked me what
what because I'm leaving who could do it one more year
I think it is the right time percent I would go to Betis for two reasons
for a sanabria and vision and another one for not coming out with a good touch with a
good taste of the mouth of the first stage could not be doe after a very injury
serious I had to find myself minutes the game I noticed site - often club
for a hundred and now you saw in oats the opportunity though
I have a face of zero percent these last two weeks in which we have
talked about
the possibility of continuing one more year but I think that in this home to do that
gesture change from the fact states have been raised arrival of the
conversations we have fallen on whether it is convenient or not
but as we said a second goal of mine was
and in which the betis with a good taste in mouth does not
with the
PS to leave as God sends no money could stop
in states as we told you it has been achieved that's why I think that between each
a lead would be very beautiful it will be very attractive to see that it becomes disc is
something very great to play on television with the real betis football
but with ibra I will be able to spoil what we have what for that I have
for mateo ixtla mind not
and in front of that the godparents have the price the sites to leave here a good
taste of mouth
has with it the softening the pride of having achieved what the
objective
iya look for other things mop a little
there they have
rush from murcia rafa
the evil to choose very well soto when we have been in this for many years
it's important how much you enjoy direct to the good 'where we are
and we'll see where honest bonus rare choir that is sure is that it will not
spend something as big as ana based this year
the task after giving a was not shown to announce this Friday by
the afternoon that was my last game with the real betis
and I do not think I've received benny accounts received mccosh thousand-odd messages or
an awful lot this is not possible only in a club like this
they were of which cost I hope you are father have been at the height ddd that
T shirt
Granada - I tried to do that
and in the bishop safe as the medieval for me to come up against wounds
in these two promotions
but above all all the love between the fans of the betis
that is something that the one that did not play equipment does not count
puchades